translations.md add Weblate link (#501)
agateau/pixelwheels: docs/translations.md

So you want to translate Pixel Wheels to a new language? Awesome! Read on.

> The simplest way is to the [Weblate](https://toolate.othing.xyz/projects/pixel-wheels/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way is to use [Toolate](https://toolate.othing.xyz/projects/pixel-wheels/), a web-based translation tool.
```
